* @Frontify/guidelines-navigation-themes
**/package.json
packages/cli/templates/**/package-lock.json
pnpm-lock.yaml

# Specific paths

# App Bridge
packages/app-bridge/src/react/useAssetChooser.ts @Frontify/guidelines-one @SamuelAlev
packages/app-bridge/src/react/useAssetChooser.spec.tsx @Frontify/guidelines-one @SamuelAlev
packages/app-bridge/src/react/useAssetUpload.ts @Frontify/guidelines-one @SamuelAlev
packages/app-bridge/src/react/useAssetViewer.ts @Frontify/guidelines-one @SamuelAlev
packages/app-bridge/src/react/useAssetViewer.spec.tsx @Frontify/guidelines-one @SamuelAlev
packages/app-bridge/src/react/useBlockAssets.ts @Frontify/guidelines-one @SamuelAlev
packages/app-bridge/src/react/useBlockAssets.spec.ts @Frontify/guidelines-one @SamuelAlev
packages/app-bridge/src/react/useBlockSettings.ts @Frontify/guidelines-one @SamuelAlev
packages/app-bridge/src/react/useBlockSettings.spec.tsx @Frontify/guidelines-one @SamuelAlev
packages/app-bridge/src/react/useBlockTemplates.ts @Frontify/guidelines-one @SamuelAlev
packages/app-bridge/src/react/useBlockTemplates.spec.ts @Frontify/guidelines-one @SamuelAlev
packages/app-bridge/src/react/useBulkDownload.ts @Frontify/guidelines-one @SamuelAlev
packages/app-bridge/src/react/useBulkDownload.spec.ts @Frontify/guidelines-one @SamuelAlev
packages/app-bridge/src/react/useEditorState.ts @Frontify/guidelines-one @SamuelAlev
packages/app-bridge/src/react/usePrivacySettings.ts @Frontify/guidelines-one @SamuelAlev
packages/app-bridge/src/react/usePrivacySettings.spec.ts @Frontify/guidelines-one @SamuelAlev
packages/app-bridge/src/react/useReadyForPrint.ts @Frontify/guidelines-one @SamuelAlev
packages/app-bridge/src/react/useReadyForPrint.spec.tsx @Frontify/guidelines-one @SamuelAlev
packages/app-bridge/src/tests/withAppBridgeBlockStubs.tsx @Frontify/guidelines-one @SamuelAlev
packages/app-bridge/src/tests/AppBridgeBlockStub.ts @Frontify/guidelines-one @SamuelAlev
packages/app-bridge/src/AppBridgeBlock.ts @Frontify/guidelines-one @SamuelAlev
packages/app-bridge/src/AppBridgeBase.ts @Frontify/guidelines-one @SamuelAlev

# Guideline Blocks Settings
packages/guideline-blocks-settings @Frontify/guidelines-one @SamuelAlev
